seven
ai marking tools that'll blow your mind
if you thought that only your
grandchildren will see ai dominating
areas that humans could well think again
because there's some really cool tools
that you need to check out over the last
few years the development of ai has
skyrocketed tasks that would take you
hours to complete can now be done in
minutes automatically in marketing there
are already quite a few things that you
can do much faster there's a quote by
larry page one of the founders of google
that says artificial intelligence would
be the ultimate version of google the
ultimate search engine that would
understand everything on the web it
would understand exactly what you wanted
and it would give you the right thing
the global artificial intelligence
market size will grow from 93.53
billion in 2021 to
997 billion in 2028 that's almost a
trillion dollars that's pretty much 10x
so how can you harness the power of
these technologies in your marketing
day-to-day
well ai can already do the things like
designing custom logos optimizing your
paid ad campaign helping you write great
content and a lot of other interesting
things but most people aren't familiar
with these technologies and they still
spend a lot of manual time doing the
stuff that can already be automated to
be honest up until now i was also doing
a lot of them manually but over the last
six months to a year i've learned about
a lot of these tools so let's dive right
in there's copy ai
this ai tool generates tons of copy from
just one basic summary text that you
input from product descriptions to paid
ad copy to even blog titles it can help
in several different areas of marketing
activities then there's
beautiful.ai if you hate coming up with
presentations because hey
the designs suck it's messy takes a lot
of time this tool is perfect for you it
uses ai to automatically enhance your
designs accordingly so that your content
looks beautiful and it adjusts it based
on your content so you don't even need
to worry about messing with the layouts
then you got profile picture maker this
tool uses ai to remove the background
from your photos and make amazing
profile photos for you to use on social
media or even company about pages like
those headshots that people show on the
executive pages
the end result is pretty amazing and
best of all it's absolutely free
then you got brandmark.io now you don't
even need a graphic designer to come up
with a logo for your business this tool
uses ai to create logos automatically
for you based on a set of preferences it
creates dozens and dozens of different
variations that you can pick from and
choose from and if you like one of them
and want to use on your business you can
purchase that logo right then and there
then you got
orbee.io
this tool is basically analytics on
steroids it will automatically track all
the events on your website and come up
with the suggestions of things that you
could be doing to improve your
performance it'll look at things like
your conversion funnels traffic sources
identify the strengths opportunities for
improvements it pretty much does a lot
of stuff automatically for you next
synthesia.io
if you're camera shy and you don't like
to talk in public you may like this one
it generates video that looks almost
identical to a human speaking and it'll
almost freak you out because this is
pretty realistic
then you got unscreened.com this tool
also allows you to remove the background
from any video that you shoot you know
people are just like oh yeah i can move
background images i'm talking about
video images you don't even need a green
screen or anything like that it'll
remove even the more complex backgrounds